Jai Hind friends, I am not a SEBI registered
advisor brother.  We will talk about bonus,
split, dividend giving shares,
record date, meeting date, everything.  Please
subscribe to the channel and
also join the membership.   The
first company to come is Pharma led.
Yes, tomorrow on 6th April, this company is going to declare buyback.
Current price is ₹133. Varun
Brev Limited. The company has
fixed its record date ex-date on 8th April 2026. Last date for
buying will be 7th April for dividend of 50 paise.
Current price is ₹403. If we
talk about Boss Limited, then the
board meeting has been fixed on 8th April. If we
talk about TCS, then TCS has also
fixed its board meeting on 9th April.
Current price is ₹2450 for result plus dividend.  There
is also Anand Rathi Wealth Limited.  There is a board meeting on April 9 to
declare dividend and also to declare the results.   The
next stock coming up is ICICI Prudential LED,
board meeting is scheduled on 13th April
to declare the results,
current price is 2844.  Let's talk about ICICI Principal MC.
Here we will talk about life, the
result of life insurance will
come on 14th and along with it the company will give dividend ₹503
current price. We will talk about Econ Engineering, the
company has a board meeting on 15th April
for result plus dividend and
other business math will also be there, ₹338
is the current price.  ICIC LBAD board
meeting is scheduled on 15th April. Current price for result plus dividend is
₹1690.  The next share will come
brother, our
board meeting is scheduled here at HDB Finance LED on 15th April.
Current price is ₹578 for Plus Dividend.
Krishil has a board meeting on 16th April.   The
current price for Result Plus Dividend is ₹3705.  Let's
talk about Wipro.  The
board meeting is scheduled for April 16.
Dividend or let's say
bonus buyback is not giving anything just for the result.  ₹194
current price.  HDFC L Insurance LED
board meeting is scheduled on 16th April.
₹566 current price for result plus dividend.
Talking about HDFC AMC, the
board meeting is scheduled on 16th April.  Result Plus Dividend is
trading at a current price of ₹2348.  Next on the list is
Jel One's board meeting on April 16th.  The
current price for the result is ₹240.
HDFC Bank has a meeting on 18th April.
₹750 is the current price for Result Plus Dividend.
Ah, let's talk about ICICI Bank.   The
board meeting is scheduled for April 18.  The
current price for Result Plus Dividend is ₹1215.  The
board meeting of PNB Housing Finance is scheduled on April 20.  Ah for audited result
means 700 ₹84 current price for the result.
Ah HF
HCL Technology LED.  The
board meeting is scheduled for April 21.
₹100
is its current price for Result Plus Dividend.  nsle India
board meeting is scheduled on 21st April to
declare the result here ₹1191 current
price next share will come here
brother of ours, yes next share will come here
our persistence systemd
board meeting is on 21st April for result plus
dividend ₹527 is the current price Tech
Mahindra will declare its result on 22nd April there is
other business matter also ₹1441
is the current price.  Talking about Infosys, the
board meeting is scheduled for April 23.
₹1300 is the current price for Result Plus Dividend.
Adani Energy Solutions has a board meeting on 23 April.
₹940 is the current price for result declaration.
Talking about UTIMC, the board meeting
is scheduled for April 23.  The current price for Result Plus Dividend is ₹941.   The
next share will come brother, our Tata
Capital LED board meeting is on 23rd April.
₹38 is the current price for result declaration.  If we
talk about Atul Limited, the
board meeting has been scheduled for 24th April.
Ah ₹6296 is the current price for Result Plus Dividend.
Ah Adani Energy Ah Adani will
talk about green energy.  The
board meeting has been scheduled for April 24.  Ah the
current price for result declaration is ₹856.   There
is a board meeting on 25th April
for the result.  IDFC First Bank
has a board meeting on April 25 for the results.
S is BFC Finance.  There is a board meeting on 25th April to
declare the results.  Its
next share will also come from SBfence.
That's the result.  Ah Ultratech Cemented has
board meeting on 27th April.  The result
is 10,620 current price for plus dividend.  Nippon Life is MSed.  Ah, the
board meeting has been scheduled for April 27.
₹830 is the current price for Result Plus Dividend.
Talking about Star Health, the
board meeting is scheduled here on 28th April.
₹470
is the current price for result declaration.  The board meeting of Mfsis is scheduled on 29th April.
₹2200 is the current price for Result Plus Dividend.  Our next share will come
here, the
board meeting of HCL Limited is scheduled on 29th April.
₹2200 is the current price for Result Plus Dividend.
Here if we talk about Naveen Florin, the
board meeting is scheduled on 29th April.  The
current price for Result Plus Dividend is around 6000.  Ah Ken
Technology has scheduled a board meeting for April 29th.
₹900 is the current price for result declaration.  Hindustan Uniler
board meeting is scheduled on 20-30 April.
Here the current price for the result plus dividend declared is
₹265.  Talking about Lalpath Lab, the
board meeting has been scheduled on 30th April.  To
declare the results
and will talk about Exide Industry.  The
board meeting has been scheduled.
For Result Plus Dividend,
it is also seen trading at ₹300 current price here.
We will see the next list here.
Next in the list is Camsed Computer Age
Management Services. Board meeting
is scheduled on 4th May for result plus dividend.
Current price is ₹660. If we talk about Latent View
Analytics, then the
company has scheduled its board meeting on 4th May to
declare the result. Current price is ₹312.
Mahindra & Mahindra has its
board meeting on 5th May.
Ah ₹311 is the current price for the result plus dividend plus AGM.
Punewala will talk about Fincopp.  The
board meeting is scheduled for May 5.  The
current price for Result Plus Dividend is ₹393.  And if we
talk about coffers, the
board meeting has been scheduled for 5 May 2026.  Here the
result plus dividend is ₹1230 ₹13
current price.  Please look at this.  If you liked the video, please
like it.  Channel Subscribe